Microsoft GlobalART (Global Artwork Research & Technology) team is responsible for managing the content creation, artwork development & localisation of dynamic and high impact physical & digital media for Microsoft’s portfolio of high profile International products. GlobalART enables brand adherence, design execution, localisation, and delivery to the Physical & Digital Supply Chains for manufacturing and publishing – on time, on quality, and on budget. 
GlobalART is looking for a Program Manager to lead the ArtCert business. This exciting opportunity gives the successful candidate exposure to senior brand, product marketing and 3rd Party account management teams delivering on our global brand certification model.  
GlobalART is looking for a dynamic individual to: 
Develop, deliver and manage programs for brand certification across product packaging, marketing/advertising, and a growing portfolio of digital assets. 
Drive and/or collaborate the creation of global packaging templates, brand guidelines and assets for world leading consumer products.  
Work as part of a global team who:  
Certify the use of Interactive Entertainment Business (e.g. Xbox) and other Microsoft brands by 3rd Party Developers & Publishers and internal marketing teams in the following media: 
Print (e.g. packaging, point of sale & advertising); 
Broadcast (e.g. TV & cinema trailers); 
Web (e.g. static websites and rich media online advertisements); 
Digital (e.g. branded tiles & backgrounds). 
Support 3rd Party Partner use of Microsoft brand assets within ever evolving packaging, digital and marketing/advertising media.  
 
Global Artwork Certification Responsibilities: 
Approval (certification) of Microsoft brands as used by internal teams & 3rd Party Partners within agreed service level. 
Providing support on usage of Microsoft brand assets & tools to internal teams & 3rd Party Partners. 
Ensuring accurate communication of brand certification status to allow RTM of 3rd Party software, apps & products (e.g. peripherals). 
Providing media monitoring reports in key territories on usage of Microsoft brands in marketing communications. 
Develop brand certification processes & integrated solutions to reduce lead time & ensure quicker time to market for Microsoft's 3rd Party Partners. 
Communicate & evangelize brand guidelines & assets in a timely and coherent manner. 
Own, create, develop & distribute packaging templates for use by internal and external stakeholders globally.  
Contribute towards the enhancement of brand assets, process & tools with internal brand & marketing teams.  
Contribute and/or own the creation of brand guideline documents to enable effective execution by internal teams & 3rd Party Partners in all forms of marketing communications. 
Drive flawless execution of Microsoft brand assets by internal & external partners via quality audits, business reviews and corrective action. 
Develop and maintain relationships with: 
3rd Party Publishing Community and other external bodies such as Age Ratings Boards and counterparts in industry competitors. 
Internal stakeholder & customer groups like Global Account Management, Law & Corporate Affairs, Global Branding, and 3rd Party Marketing, etc. 
 
Proven experience with printed media, digital media and/or software program management methodologies and tools. Minimum three years’ experience in project management within the localization industry.   
Ability to plan and drive multiple projects to completion, while making trade-offs, negotiating with stakeholders, building consensus and staying focused on project goals. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills with the ability to collaborate effectively with a large number of partners and customers and translate requirements into a product vision and roadmap.  
Proven track record supporting both internal and external customers & partners. 
Experience of world class branding standards and policies. 
Knowledge and understanding of video games and the video gaming industry. 
Excellent working knowledge of both PC and Mac print production tools and DTP/page layout software as used for creation of software packaging & marketing/advertising assets. 
Knowledge of packaging & advertising law concepts. 
 
Degree qualification (or higher) in Marketing and/or Advertising studies. 
Experience of global age rating requirements as used on video games packaging and marketing communications. 
Brand creation with design teams/agencies from concept stages through to product launch. 
Adaptability - Demonstrates curiosity and actively explores options. Responds efficiently to changing demands and circumstances. Functions effectively in ambiguous situations. Maintains a constructive attitude and effectiveness through demanding and dynamic situations  
Collaboration - Drives alignment and teamwork within a team, department, or across organizational boundaries. Combines resources and joins efforts to achieve company-wide goals 
Customer Focus - Anticipates customer needs, and proactively meets and exceeds customer expectations. Recognizes the issues that customers want to resolve, and creates, or facilitates the creation of, products and services to address customer needs 
Drive for Results - Tenaciously pursues positive outcomes by using effective approaches to solve problems. Delivers on commitments and seeks increasingly challenging work. Takes responsibility and holds others accountable for actions, decisions, and goals 
Influencing for Impact - Communicates and networks effectively. Successfully persuades and influences others 