Project Manager 
Job Description

Microsoft's Dynamics Domain Practice helps customers maximize their investment in Microsoft Dynamics solutions and the full portfolio of Microsoft Products through accelerated adoption and productive use of technologies. The Microsoft Dynamics Global Practice is part of a global organization of exceptional people who lead and serve our customers and partners as they realize their full potential through software and services.

Responsibilities

The Project Manager in the Dynamics Global Practice supports the Program Manager and takes responsibility for project delivery and execution on one or more of Microsoft's Dynamics projects at our customers. The role requires deep project management experience in a consulting organization, broad technology knowledge, and the ability to facilitate the successful deployment of a complex ERP or CRM solution across multiple business teams within an organization.

The Project Manager will help identify, pursue, and close strategic business development opportunities while continually driving add-on business within existing accounts. To accomplish this, the Project Manager must be effective in fostering executive level relationships. The successful candidate will help
translate business needs into technology solutions which will be formulated in contracts and/or statements of work (SOW).

The Project Manager is a key enabler for the success of an engagement, orchestrating Microsoft consultants, offshore resources, and partner staff. They manage the complete lifecycle of large and
complex projects, and have a passion for customers that is demonstrated through professionalism and striving for excellence in all aspects of the customer experience. The Project Manager is a leader; they will walk the halls, understand what's happening, and lead their team, the customer, and the project's delivery
partners. They must have a good grasp of the basics of project management, and the personality and experience to be the go-to person for the project. The Project Manager must understand the needs of the customer (Statement of Work, Conditions of Satisfaction), Microsoft (needs of all internal stakeholders),
and the vision of Microsoft Services and Microsoft Business Solutions, and be able to steer a path to meet the needs of all.

The Project Managers in the Dynamics Global Practice act as mentors for project teams engaged in large Business Solutions implementations.

Experience required for this role includes:

 PMI PMP CertifiedProject Manager desirable 

 Successfully delivered 5+ ERP and/or CRM for enterprise class customers 

 Excellent communications (up / down / peers)

 Experience in supporting contractual & commercial management and execution

 Executive relationship management

 Proven track level in business domain & technical conversation

 Experienced in day to day project management including staffing, milestones, cost management, and deliverables.



Core accountabilities required skills are as follows:

 Overall Responsibility for Project Delivery

 Scope Management & Change Control

 Project Issue Management

 Project Risk Management

 Subcontractor-Project Control (Partners, Global Delivery, and ISVs)

 Weekly Status Reporting and Project Health

 Additional Microsoft-internal reporting

 Work Order Amendments and general contract administration

 Timesheet and Expense Submission, Tracking, and Approval

 Personnel On-boarding / Rolling-off

 Task Management

 Manage Project Documentation

 Contractor and Client Invoice Management and Approval

 Quality Plan Execution

 Facilitate Peer Reviews

 Project Knowledge and IP management




Experience

The successful candidate will have a BS/BA degree, or equivalent work experience and 8+ years hands-on project management experience with large scale enterprise, global ERP or CRM solutions (such as Dynamics, Oracle, SAP and Lawson, Salesforce.com etc.) in multiple industries. 

The job will require frequent travel (65% +). 

English verbal and written communications skills are a must. 

Please note we do not provide relocation nor sponsorship.

If you find this opportunity to be compelling and can demonstrate your ability to excel as a Program Manager, we would like to explore the possibilities with you as soon as possible!